Catalonia's costa brava in northeastern
Spain is one of Europe's most scenic
coastlines even in winter but with the
Pyrenees in the distance areas further
inland also have a special beauty the
villages like Madera Manya have kept
their charm over the centuries this old
manor house is home to the hotel la
plaza and a restaurant of the same name
chef in since Fajardo strives to cook
modern dishes using regional ingredients
all the lettuces and other vegetables he
uses are organically grown the chef
serves up the best of what traditional
Catalan cuisine has to offer during the
Christmas season his restaurant is
packed with diners some guests travel
from far away to sample the menu
most wines on offer are also produced in
the region lavinia - vineyard makes
top-shelf wines that are popular only
around vintner Josep sarah had little
trouble convincing the chef that his
selection would complement any meal on
the menu for lucky because emphasis
typically they say white wine goes with
fish but it also goes well with some
kinds of meat at Christmas we often
serve chicken and this one would
complement that no problem
time for another taste test a late
vintage made from garlic grapes it's a
sweet wine that diners could enjoy after
dessert
back in the kitchen the chef is
preparing the traditional festive meal
for his family
it's called eschol dia a stew made from
a variety of meats and vegetables there
are 30 people to feed and that means a
lot of ingredients the soup bones beef
and pork are cooked for 30 minutes
meanwhile the mince meat eggs
breadcrumbs garlic and parsley are mixed
together and rolled in flour for
meatballs
next the chef adds the vegetables
carrots onions celery plus some blood
sausage a bowl of chickpeas potatoes and
finally the meatballs there are as many
recipes for s Padilla
as there are grandmothers each family
has its own traditions others prefer to
eat a roast or cannelloni filled with
meat it depends on the family part of
the Escalade our stock is used to cook
the so called Christmas pasta the meat
and vegetables are served together with
a bowl of pasta and broth Tehran is the
classic Christmas dessert but the chef
doesn't have to make it from scratch
sons a patisserie near the restaurant
sells several kinds of Tehran they
produce themselves
the key to this delicacy almonds crushed
and mixed with sugar it takes a lot of
work to turn the raw ingredients into
the final product
rowdy Suns delivers his to run to the
top restaurants in the area including
Vincent's facade O's in what you see
mass glass is a little run for there are
many different kinds of Terron it's
fantastic because there's something for
every taste there's a Terron for people
who like chocolate and almonds people
who like to Ron made of almonds and egg
yolks can find that too it's also made
with marzipan with or without fruit
there are at least 50 or 60 different
kinds Merry Christmas in Catalan from
the sales clerks at sons and an
especially sweet holiday to